- [Instructor] So just like we saw with Spring 5.0,
Spring Boot 2.0 had some pretty significant library changes,
many of which actually rely on Spring 5.
The JDK is one of those situations.
So Spring 2 now relies on the underlying changes
to Spring 5, and as such, JDK 8 is required.
JDK 9 support came out of the box when it was released.
JDK 10 and JDK 11 are supported along the same line.
I would encourage you because JDK 8
is now deprecated that JDK has 11 out as is 9 and 10.
Do all of your work going forward with JDK 11.
So, as we've noted Spring 5 is now required,
so that is one of the major upgrades.
And as such, any time you upgrade your application
from Spring Boot, say 1.5.4 to 2.0.4
or whatever the latest version
is now, you're going to have to take into account
the fact that Spring has changed as well.
So you made need to make changes
to the construct itself during this upgrade.
And all of the library upgrades really fall in line
with that upgrade to Spring 5.
The core library, for instance,
Tomcat 8.5 is now the default embedded
Tomcat web server for Spring Boot web.
9 is supported through a property change,
Flyway 5 if you're doing database migrations,
Hibernate 5.2 if you're doing JPA,
and Thymeleaf 3 if you're doing HTML view templates
which are all things that we would normally
use within an application, maybe not so much Flyway,
but that just depends on where you're at.
Now, one thing I want to note about the rest
of this chapter, I'm not going to go
into actually showing you a lot of the details
of how Spring Boot changes have occurred.
And the reason for that is I have an entire course
in the LinkedIn Learning Library
called Spring Boot Essentials 2.0.
And this is really designed to show you
how to use Spring Boot, but to use it in a 2.0 world.
I have a similar course out there for 1.5.x.
So take a look at that if you really want to
get more in depth.
I'm going to provide a very high-level overview
of what is changed.
Again, so if you want code, go look at that other course.
This is just high-level changes.
And if you're currently using Spring Boot.
This should really be just a primer
of what you may need to look at to make changes.